right now I'm with Mark and Michael that
came here from Massachusetts in there in
the premium camping area tell me about
this setup you guys have here this is
pretty cool simple setup regarding their
honest look at some of the bottom funny
in the wok long will enable forgot stuff
in there much of anything so
how much did you have to set up when you
showed up here I'm just out here they
got here and clothes and stuff out of
power and put it in the tent it was
great go ahead look early in the morning
and everything was there this is a
pretty good deal right to show up gonna
have to pay for the hotels right right I
used to take his 30-foot damper spend a
few hundred dollars on gasoline now we
just took a little diesel car I think
Austin to thank you castle
when she gets in no kidding how much did
you get this whole the hotel it was a
free Xbox for too long showers and in
the setup I was inside of Google to
watch race that's extra right yeah they
did include that whether that they did
include the tickets but it's also it's
also cool to stare because you've also
got like they've set up an acne
supermarket so if you need anything you
just go get that as well right right and
a clue the child will pass this to
market Susur are you using the shower
passes oh yeah yeah one dimension that
that's a very good much loss in them so
have you ever heard of the term glamping
I mean seriously who cares i'm gonna
have a good time you guys are having a
good time right i was a little ok well
thanks a lot this work you have to do to
have that you time I hear you know the
hardest thing is to set up the bar ok ok
thank you very much I appreciate all
right well joining us in the premium
camping area we have both of us are me
thank you very much for your service and
we also have in the very subtle shirt
Elaine Elaine and come here Stefan Elena
and Stefan two different ways you can
stay in this camping here at did brought
their own tent yeah they can see yes
they had to help them set it up see
people from the Army did not know how to
set up a tent ok it's not your 10 have
to make excuse it's alright another way
you can stay here is by using these
tents and believe it or not they have
heard of the term glamping the only
people I've ever met that have heard of
the term glamping tell us what glamping
is it is you just pull up in your car
set up you don't have to set it up you
don't have to tear down
trackside access free showers thoughts
cots blankets pillows we added a rug you
added your own flirtier yeah right
checkered flag very good so is this your
first time doing the clamping it is it
is this something you can do again yes
it's your big fan of the light yes so
when the race is over what do you have
to tear down as far as the tent goes
absolutely
we just feel cool you got the tent
you're still very close to the track now
are you going to ask them how they gonna
have to help me tear gas
well honestly thank you very much for
hanging out anything
Jeff Gordon kozlowski Matt Kenseth is it
I guess I'm gonna have to do with Mark
Martin that yeah you can't really yeah
if he's not racing we like Kevin Harvick
there there you go and what was it like
here in the Union camping area at night
well we were over there most of the
awesome country
it's kind of fun here did you wake up
meet meet me did you know these people
did you know these people did you know
these people before they just pulled in
they just pulled in a little longer they
go hey can you guys help us set up our
chances we were sitting here man I feel
sorry for but you watched a little bit
in laugh for a while first versus it
look good look at my chair opposing that
I can see it set up a tent it wasn't
their tent and actually that's pretty
big for only two people to handle I no
one had is a big game if they do like
that is vital know anything back
anything new so I would be like well
thank you very much for hanging out
enjoy your weekend thank you i'm here
with Jeff Larry and Cornell who came
from Maryland Virginia correct pretty
good and they're staying in between
camping area which I don't know if you
guys know this i've never heard this
term before they call this the lamp and
ever glamping don't know them I never
everybody there's glamorous Camping's
what they're finding it now tell me
about this setup because it seems like
this is a pretty easy thing right yes it
is producing it is pretty easy and they
think that we have we have we need
inside as well
everything we need is interface so when
you showed up what did you have to do
set up your stuff is it it's pretty easy
right this is a probably about our
seventh time you can no track this year
we just came from Richmond three weeks
ago and a month from now we'll go to
marvel but Dover I mean this is that
this is a cool track if this up so you
can just show up do this unity with
booking a hotel you're very close to
track life is good yes sir like it's
good show me about the setup to be back
they set up a big huge premium 10 but
you guys have also brought some of your
own stuff here give me a little too or
what you got we got we got our grill
we're going to cook some some beef ribs
tonight don't let red nobody nobody's
ever had beef ribs like the way I do and
that would be at about what time we have
to put if to the race was not
appreciated cut bottom well I'll be here
a little bit early before the race ends
just waiting to see beef ribs come on
fire it's right here what makes your
beef rib special get it from the amish
market we have Amish rope and you put
the Amish roll pin and their two eps
format two hours and it all seeps into
the meat put them on charcoal and
everybody lines up do they do now do you
guys you like some of the other people
around me make friends
Cornell Cornell disease like yeah we're
wolfy the other day I saw him up right
now and you said also the other
ingredient is beer that is that also use
that your ingredient for like cereal
everything out here all right thanks a
lot